https://www.c-span.org/liveEvent/?Presidential-Debates
https://www.americafirstpolicy.com/issues/ten-questions-that-should-be-asked-at-tuesdays-presidential-debate-and-the-candidates-track-record-on-them
https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/voices/six-questions-candidates-must-answer-presidential-debate-and-beyond
Questions from 2024 that should be asked at the presidential debate
Do you think fracking, coal, natural gas, oil, and fossil fuels are important to America’s economic future?
I think that they are still the dominant portion of our country’s economy but we should start moving away from them slowly. I personally believe that we should cooperate with our international partners and even competitors to create more Solar and Nuclear energy in parts of the US that are uninhabitable for humans and nature (like the deserts of nevada) 
Do you think armed police officers should be assigned to protect public schools?
I think that we should create more mental health institutions and stricter gun laws to create a more sustainable protection against gun violence, instead of using a temporary solution 
Do you think illegal immigrants should have the right to vote? Do you support the SAVE Act, which is now being debated in Congress and requires proof of citizenship to vote?
I believe that anyone who benefits the US economy should also be able to  benefit from our political systems.I believe that you should be able to vote on issues that impact you as long as you live in the US no matter the legal status. I also think that companies in the construction, hospitality, agriculture and manufacturing industries should help their workers obtain legal status after a certain quota or length of tenure 
Many women voters have said abortion is a priority issue in this election. What is your stance?
I believe that their body should be their choice. I believe in bettering the lives of as many people as I can. If someone is forced to carry an unwanted baby would that really better their lives or would that just put a financial burden on the individuals who may already be struggling? 
Would you support funding and constructing the remainder of the border wall?
I support building a better, more interconnected America. I’ll be blunt, the border wall right now is a joke. Nothing more than a symbol and a half ass job at best and I intend to remove most of the wall and putting that valuable steel to other industries like our national rail system
Do you think illegal immigrants who commit crimes should be removed from the United States?
I believe that almost everyone deserves a second chance. I believe that if they committed certain crimes that are so heinous, then they should be removed. I also believe that repeat illegal aliens should be removed 
Do you think America’s NATO allies should honor their commitment to pay 2% of their GDP on defense?
I think that NATO is an alliance of mutual help. I would like to see certain countries doing more than just their annual funding budget. I also believe that we should try to resolve issues in Europe overall so that NATO’s Article 5 should never need to be triggered. That doesn’t take away from our stance of maintaining a strong enough military to end a conflict by force should that eventually happen. I believe that negotiation should be our first priority, though and NATO as a collective has a lot more authority than any one country by itself 
Do you support school choice so parents and students, especially low-income students, have the same opportunity for a great education that middle and upper-class students receive?
I believe in giving everyone an equal chance. I believe that class sizes should be limited to 15-25 students so that everyone gets the same education, unless they need additional help. I believe that states should fund schools based off the number of students so that nobody is left behind 
Do you think the key to addressing inflation is lowering energy costs and regulations on business?
Inflation is a general good when kept between 1.5 and 2.5 percent. This allows for economic growth. I believe that wages should grow with inflation. Lowering energy costs is definitely one of my top priorities. Everyone deserves a warm home and I will push for more sustainable, government subsidized energy which should hopefully lower the cost overall. I think that businesses should have a carbon tax where if they go beyond their allocated carbon per flight hour or working hour or something similar that the company should be fined. 
Goldman Sachs has indicated that significant government spending contributes to inflation. In your view, should the government reduce spending to help restore economic stability and bring prosperity back to the Nation?
I believe that one major part of government spending that should be more limited is the Military. Currently we just have too many projects that go beyond budget and the pentagon (ie the citizens because the citizens pay taxes so that the pentagon can operate) soaked up overalls and cost overruns and I believe that defense companies should have to soak that up and that they should also include an annual budget report about every dollar the American taxpayer spends
I think that overall economic stability is partially caused by overspending and foreign lobbying and if you vote me for president I will address these issues. I will also address insider trading within congress and if I don’t do this by midterms I will step down
As president, what would you do about the war in Europe, the Middle East and other conflicts
I think negotiation is key. I'm going to be off the script but if you really look back to issues like the Ukraine war you will see American involvement such as the overthrowing of a pro Russian democratically elected president in 2013. Of course Russia is the aggressor but I think in order to move forward we need to take responsibility of what our countries did and work something out so that we can hopefully end the conflict as soon as possible
As for the middle east Iran and its proxies need to stop trying to overthrow the Israeli government every chance they get but I will  also not tolerate the Israeli military deliberately targeting civilians. If I become president I will not take any money from AIPAC or Bibi's government, I will cut off all American aid and sales and I will also send in our servicemen to protect civilians against bombings. I am done with the Israeli government using us and our taxpayer dollars to give their soldiers free healthcare while they are committing atrocities. I will also use all means necessary to bring different factions to the negotiating table. I will certainly limit american involvement in self perpetuating regional conflicts like those in Afghanistan, Burma, Somalia and others 
Federal minimum wage of 15 dollars an hour for part time and 20 dollars for full time to be adjusted every 2 years based on inflation 
Do you think large corporations should have to fund social programs 
Yes if they are sitting on all that capital 
Do you think large real estate conglomerates should be able to buy single family homes in areas where there are housing shortages 
Yeah blackrock needs to be restricted 
Do you support federal subsidies for clean energy and vehicles 
Yes I believe that proven sustainable EVs do have their place 
What would you do to stop/slow down AI’s replacement of human workers
I will instate percentage quotas of AI work to human work 
What do you think about public transit and infrastructure as a whole 
I will improve national rail network by government subsidizing it and improve highway systems even the non federal one in cities like boston, new york and LA 



Summary of potential topics:

health
Medicare/Medicaid
Drug addiction recovery
Social Issues
LGBTQ rights
Wage inequality
Affordable housing
Reproductive Rights
Econ
Global trade
Min wage
